AWSO 2.8.0 changes (#3933)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/observability/aws/deploy-use-aws-observability/deploy-with-aws-cloudformation/index.md

| Existing Sumo Logic Lambda CloudWatch Logs Source API URL | Required you already collect AWS Lambda CloudWatch logs. Provide the existing Sumo Logic AWS Lambda CloudWatch Source API URL. The account, region and namespace fields will be added to the Source. For information on how to determine the URL, see [View or Download Source JSON Configuration](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources/local-configuration-file-management/view-download-source-json-configuration.md). |
| Subscribe log groups to Sumo Logic Lambda Forwarder | <ul><li>**New** - Automatically subscribes new AWS Lambda log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Existing** - Automatically subscribes existing log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Both** - Automatically subscribes new and existing log groups.</li><li>**None** - Skips Automatic subscription of log groups.</li></ul>|

> | Regex for AWS Log Groups | Default Value: **aws/(lambda\|apigateway\|rds)** <br/> With default value, log group names matching with lambda or rds will be subscribed and ingesting cloudwatch logs into sumo logic.<br/> Enter a regex for matching log group names. For more information, see [Configuring parameters](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination.md) in the *Auto-Subscribe AWS Log Groups to a Lambda Function topic*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Regex for AWS Log Groups | Default Value: **aws/(lambda\|apigateway\|rds)** <br/> With default value, log group names matching with lambda or rds will be subscribed and ingesting cloudwatch logs into sumo logic.<br/> Enter a regex for matching log group names. For more information, see [Configuring parameters](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination/#configuringparameters) in the *Auto-Subscribe ARN (Amazon Resource Name) Destination* topic.
```

| Existing Sumo Logic Lambda CloudWatch Logs Source API URL | Required you already collect AWS Lambda CloudWatch logs. Provide the existing Sumo Logic AWS Lambda CloudWatch Source API URL. The account, region and namespace fields will be added to the Source. For information on how to determine the URL, see [View or Download Source JSON Configuration](/docs/send-data/use-json-configure-sources/local-configuration-file-management/view-download-source-json-configuration.md). |
| Subscribe log groups to Sumo Logic Lambda Forwarder | <ul><li>**New** - Automatically subscribes new AWS Lambda log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Existing** - Automatically subscribes existing log groups to Lambda, to send logs to Sumo Logic.</li><li>**Both** - Automatically subscribes new and existing log groups.</li><li>**None** - Skips Automatic subscription of log groups.</li></ul> |

> | Regex for AWS Log Groups | Default Value: <b>\/aws\/(lambda|apigateway|rds)</b> <br/> With default value, log group names matching with lambda or rds will be subscribed and ingesting cloudwatch logs into sumo logic.<br/> Enter a regex for matching log group names. For more information, see [Configuring parameters](/docs/send-data/collect-from-other-data-sources/autosubscribe-arn-destination.md) in the *Auto-Subscribe AWS Log Groups to a Lambda Function topic*.<br/>

Reviewer: This line is causing the build-and-deploy to break.

Author: I will fix it, thanks!
